Mrs. Shao, you should sign it
To avoid suffering from flesh and blood
Will you sign or not?
do not sign
Sign or not, you sign or not
It's just a moment
If you don't kiss
The pain behind me still hurts, do you want to eat it?
I advise you to kiss it or not
Lao Liu, tomorrow at 3 pm
Hand over the plan to us on our way
Mrs. Lu just took you to a place
Memories stop again
Yo son, just in time for you to come back
In the future, you will sign the divorce agreement
Tomorrow you are going to get the divorce certificate
Will not sign the divorce agreement in the future
Show it to my son
Ah this
What does that mean?
Didn't he refuse to sign?
Of course I have to figure out a way to get him to sign it
I don't want him to stay by your side
Delay your life
Son's mother knows you pity this mute
I've been ruthless
Now that you've decided to get a divorce
And they signed the agreement.
Don't hesitate any longer
For the rest of your life
Mom is willing to be this villain
Well, thank you very much.